On your left.
On my left. Got it.
Don't say it. Don't you say it.
- On your left.
- Come on!
Need a medic?
I need a new set of lungs.
Dude, you just ran, like,
13 miles in 30 minutes.
I guess I got a late start.
Really? You should be
ashamed of yourself.
You should take another lap.
Did you just take it?
I assume you just took it.
What unit you with?
58th Pararescue.
But now I'm working down at the VA.
- Sam Wilson.
- Steve Rogers.
I kind of put that together.
Must have freaked you out, coming
home after the whole defrosting thing.
It takes some getting used to.
It's good to meet you, Sam.
It's your bed, right?
What's that?
Your bed, it's too soft.
When I was over there,
I'd sleep on the ground,
use rock for pillows, like a caveman.
Now I'm home, lying in my bed,
and it's like...
Lying on a marshmallow.
Feel like I'm gonna sink
right to the floor.
How long?
Two tours.
You must miss the good old days, huh?
Well, things aren't so bad.
Food's a lot better.
We used to boil everything.
No polio is good.
Internet, so helpful.
I've been reading that a lot,
trying to catch up.
Marvin Gaye, 1972, Trouble Man soundtrack.
Everything you missed
jammed into one album.
I'll put it on the list.
All right, Sam, duty calls.
Thanks for the run.
If that's what you want to call running.
That's how it is?
- That's how it is.
- Okay.
Any time you want to stop by the VA,
make me look awesome
in front of the girl at the front desk,
just let me know.
- I'll keep it in mind.
- Yeah.
Hey, fellas.
Either one of you know
where the Smithsonian is?
I'm here to pick up a fossil.
That's hilarious.
- How you doing?
- Hey.
Can't run everywhere.
No, you can't.
Ow!
Sir, please may I request
just a few hours to calibrate...
No. Forty-eight.
Micro-repeater
implanting sequence complete.
As you wish, sir.
I've also prepared a safety briefing
for you to entirely ignore.
Which I will.
All right, let's do this.
Hi, DUM-E.
How did you get that cap on your head?
You earned it.
Hey. Hey!
What are you doing out of the corner?
You know what you did.
Blood on my mat. Handle it.
Sir, may I remind you that you've been
awake for nearly 72 hours?
Focus up, ladies.
Good evening,
and welcome to the birthing suite.
I am pleased to announce
the imminent arrival
of your bouncing,
bad-ass baby brother.
Start tight and then go wide.
Stamp date and time.
Mark 42. Autonomous
prehensile propulsion suit test.
Initialise sequence.
Jarvis, drop my needle.
♪ Dashing through the snow
♪ In a one horse open sleigh
♪ O'er the fields we go
♪ Laughing all the way
♪ Bells on bob tails ring
Crap.
♪ Oh, what fun it is to sing
♪ A sleighing song tonight
♪ Jingle bells, jingle bells
♪ Jingle all the way
♪ Oh, what fun it is to ride
♪ In a one horse open sleigh ♪
All right, I think we got this.
Send them all.
Probably a little fast.
Slow it down.
Slow it down just a...
...little bit.
Cool it, will you, Jarvis?
Come on. I ain't scared of you.
I'm the best.
As always, sir, a great pleasure
watching you work.
Target is a mobile
satellite launch platform,
the Lemurian Star.
They were sending up their last
payload when pirates took them,
93 minutes ago.
- Any demands?
- Billion and a half.
- Why so steep?
- Because it's S.H.I.E.L.D.'s.
So it's not off-course. It's trespassing.
I'm sure they have a good reason.
You know, I'm getting a little
tired of being Fury's janitor.
Relax. It's not that complicated.
How many pirates?
25. Top mercs led by this guy.
Georges Batroc. Ex-DGSE, Action Division.
He's at the top of Interpol's Red Notice.
Before the French demobilized him,
he had 36 kill missions.
This guy's got a rep
for maximum casualties.
Hostages?
Mostly techs. One officer.
Jasper Sitwell.
They're in the galley.
What's Sitwell doing on a launch ship?
All right, I'm gonna sweep
the deck and find Batroc.
Nat, you kill the engines
and wait for instructions.
Rumlow, you sweep aft,
find the hostages,
get them to the life-pods, get them out.
Let's move.
S.T.R.I.K.E., you heard the Cap. Gear up.
Secure channel seven.
Seven secure.
Did you do anything fun Saturday night?
Well, all the guys from my
barbershop quartet are dead,
so, no, not really.
Coming up on the drop zone, Cap.
You know, if you ask Kristen out,
from Statistics, she'd probably say yes.
That's why I don't ask.
Too shy, or too scared?
Too busy!
Was he wearing a parachute?
No.
No, he wasn't.
Hey!
Thanks.
Yeah. You seemed pretty
helpless without me.
What about the nurse that lives
across the hall from you?
She seems kind of nice.
Secure the engine room,
then find me a date.
I'm multi-tasking.
You want a bullet in your head?
Okay.
Hey, sailor.
Hey!
Targets acquired.
S.T.R.I.K.E. in position.
Natasha, what's your status?
Status, Natasha.
Hang on!
Engine room secure.
On my mark.
Three...
Two... One.
I told you,
S.H.I.E.L.D. doesn't negotiate.
Hostages en route to extraction.
Romanoff missed
the rendezvous point, Cap.
Hostiles are still in play.
Natasha, Batroc's on the move.
Circle back to Rumlow
and protect the hostages.
Natasha.
Well, this is awkward.
What are you doing?
Backing up the hard drive.
It's a good habit to get into.
Rumlow needed your help.
What the hell are you doing here?
You're saving S.H.I.E.L.D. intel.
Whatever I can get my hands on.
Our mission is to rescue hostages.
No, that's your mission,
and you've done it beautifully.
You just jeopardized
this whole operation.
I think that's overstating things.
Okay.
That one's on me.
You're damn right.
Loki.
Hello, Mother.
Have I made you proud?
Please, don't make this worse.
Define "worse."
Enough!
I will speak to the prisoner alone.
I really don't see
what all the fuss is about.
Do you not truly feel
the gravity of your crimes?
Wherever you go,
there is war, ruin,
and death.
I went down to Midgard to rule
the people of Earth as a benevolent god.
Just like you.
We are not gods.
We are born, we live, we die.
Just as humans do.
Give or take 5,000 years.
All this because Loki desires a throne.
It is my birthright.
Your birthright was to die
as a child.
Cast out onto a frozen rock.
If I had not taken you in,
you would not be
here now to hate me.
If I am for the axe,
then for mercy's sake,
just swing it.
It's not that I don't love
our little talks,
it's just...
I don't love them.
Frigga is the only reason
you're still alive,
and you will never see her again.
You will spend the rest of
your days in the dungeons.
And what of Thor?
You'll make that witless oaf king
while I rot in chains.
Thor must strive to undo
the damage you have done.
He will bring order to the Nine Realms
and then, yes...
He will be king.
I've got this completely under control!
Is that why everything is on fire?
You're welcome.
All yours.
Hello.
I accept your surrender.
Anyone else?
Perhaps next time we should
start with the big one.
Keep moving. Come on!
Keep moving. Go ahead of me.
Don't you turn around!
Where do we go next?
Hogun, the peace is nearly won
across the Nine Realms.
You should stay here.
Be with your people, where your heart is.
Asgard can wait.
You have my thanks.
As you have mine.
Heimdall, when you're ready.
Is Vanaheim secure?
As are Nornheim and Ria.
Though our work would have gone
more quickly with you at the fore.
You must think I'm a piece of bread
that needs to be buttered so heavily.
That was not my intent.
For the first time since
Bifrost was destroyed,
the Nine Realms are at peace.
They're well reminded
of our strength
and you have earned
their respect and my gratitude.
Thank you.
Nothing out of order
except your confused
and distracted heart.
This isn't about Jane Foster, Father.
Human lives are fleeting,
they're nothing.
You'd be better served
by what lies in front of you.
I'm telling you this,
not as the Allfather,
but as your father.
You are ready.
The time has come
for you to take the throne.
Embrace and celebrate
what you've won.
Join your warriors.
Eat and drink,
revel in their celebration.
At least pretend to enjoy yourself.
Some people
call me a terrorist.
I consider myself a teacher.
America.
Ready for another lesson?
In 1864, in Sand Creek, Colorado,
the US military waited
until the friendly Cheyenne braves
had all gone hunting.
Waited to attack and slaughter
the families left behind
and claim their land.
39 hours ago,
the Ali AI Salem Air Base in Kuwait
was attacked.
I... I... I did that.
A quaint military church
filled with wives and children,
of course.
The soldiers were out on manoeuvres.
The braves were away.
President Ems.
You continue to resist my attempts
to educate you, sir.
And now you've missed me again.
You know who I am.
You don't know where I am.
And you'll never see me coming.
Now that we seem to be back,
let's recap some
of the frightening developments...
American airwaves were hijacked...
The nation remains on high alert.
All attempts to find the Mandarin
have so far proved unsuccessful.
Central to my administration's
response to this terrorist event
is a newly minted resource.
I know him
as Colonel James Rhodes.
The American people
will soon know him
as the tron Patriot.
And how is President Ems responding?
By taking the guy
they call War Machine
and giving him a paint job.
The same suit,
but painted red, white and blue.
Look at that. And they also
renamed him, "Iron Patriot."
You know,
just in case the paint was too subtle.
It tested well with focus groups,
all right?
"I am Iron Patriot!" It sucks.
Listen. "War Machine"
was a little too aggressive.
All right?
This sends a better message.
So, what's really going on?
With the Mandarin.
Seriously, can we talk about this guy?
It's classified information, Tony.
Okay, there have been nine bombings.
- Nine.
- The public only knows about three.
But here's the thing,
nobody can ID a device.
There's no bomb casings.
You know I can help.
Just ask.
I got a ton of new tech.
I got a prehensile suit.
I got bomb disposal.
It catches explosions in mid-air.
When's the last time
you got a good night's sleep?
Einstein slept three hours a year.
Look what he did.
People are concerned about you, Tony.
I'm concerned about you.
You're going to come at me like that?
No, look, I'm not trying to be a dick...
...tator.
Do you mind signing my drawing?
If Richard doesn't mind.
Are you all right with this, Dick?
Yeah. Fine with me.
- What's your name?
- Erin.
I loved you in A Christmas Story,
by the way.
Listen, the Pentagon is scared.
After New York, aliens... Come on.
They need to look strong.
Stopping the Mandarin is a priority,
but it's not...
- it's not superhero business.
- No, it's not, quite frankly.
- I get it.
- It's American business.
That's why I said I got it.
Are you okay?
I broke the crayon.
Are you okay, Mr Stark?
Take it easy. Tony.
How did you
get out of the wormhole?
Wait a minute. Tony!
- What did you say?
- Tony.
Sorry.
I'm just checking on the suit.
Okay.
Check the heart.
Is it the brain?
No sign of cardiac anomaly
or unusual brain activity.
Okay, so I was poisoned?
My diagnosis is that you've
experienced a severe anxiety attack.
Me?
Come on, man, this isn't a good look.
Open up.
Sorry, I gotta split.
You just can't stop yourself
from lying, can you?
I didn't lie.
Agent Romanoff had a different
mission than yours.
Which you didn't feel obliged to share.
I'm not obliged to do anything.
Those hostages could have died, Nick.
I sent the greatest soldier in history
to make sure that didn't happen.
Soldiers trust each other.
That's what makes it an army.
Not a bunch of guys running
around shooting guns.
Last time I trusted someone,
I lost an eye.
Look, I didn't want you doing anything
you weren't comfortable with.
Agent Romanoff is comfortable
with everything.
I can't lead a mission
when the people I'm leading
have missions of their own.
It's called compartmentalization.
Nobody spills the secrets,
because nobody knows them all.
Except you.
You're wrong about me.
I do share.
I'm nice like that.
- Insight bay.
- Captain Rogers does not have
clearance for Project Insight.
Director override. Fury, Nicholas J.
Confirmed.
You know, they used to play music.
Yeah.
My grandfather operated one
of these things for 40 years.
Granddad worked in a nice building.
Got good tips.
He'd walk home every night,
a roll of ones stuffed in his lunch bag.
He'd say, "Hi."
People would say, "Hi" back.
Time went on,
the neighborhood got rougher.
He'd say, "Hi."
They'd say, "Keep on steppin'."
Granddad got to gripping
that lunch bag a little tighter.
Did he ever get mugged?
Every week some punk would say,
"What's in the bag?"
What would he do?
He'd show them.
Bunch of crumpled ones,
and a loaded .22 Magnum.
Yeah, Granddad loved people.
But he didn't trust them very much.
Yeah, I know.
They're a little bit bigger than a .22.
This is Project Insight.
Three next-generation helicarriers
synced to a network
of targeting satellites.
Launched from the Lemurian Star.
Once we get them in the air,
they never need to come down.
Continuous sub-orbital flight,
courtesy of our new repulsor engines.
Stark?
He had a few suggestions
once he got an up-close look
at our old turbines.
These new long-range precision guns
can eliminate 1,000 hostiles a minute.
The satellites can read a terrorist's DNA
before he steps outside his spider hole.
We're gonna neutralize a lot of threats
before they even happen.
Thought the punishment
usually came after the crime.
We can't afford to wait that long.
Who's "we"?
After New York, I convinced
the World Security Council
we needed a quantum
surge in threat analysis.
For once, we're way ahead of the curve.
By holding a gun to everyone
on Earth and calling it protection.
You know, I read those SSR files.
"Greatest Generation"?
You guys did some nasty stuff.
Yeah, we compromised.
Sometimes in ways that
made us not sleep so well.
But we did it so that
people could be free.
This isn't freedom. This is fear.
S.H.I.E.L.D. takes the world as it is,
not as we'd like it to be.
And it's getting damn near past time
for you to get with that program, Cap.
Don't hold your breath.
Cracking under the strain,
I threw the beast off.
But, six more beat me to the ground,
crushing my blade as if it was paper.
You're missing the best part.
Where was I?
- You were surrounded.
- Again.
Yes, yes, yes, by the most vile criminals
the Nine Realms have ever produced.
To our left, savage beasts
with fangs like knives.
To our right, soldiers of fortune,
their blades dripping with blood.
And who was there to face the horde,
- but Fandral the Dashing...
- I was.
Hogun the Grim,
and Volstagg the...
- Voluminous?
- Fat?
Invincible!
I don't mind telling you.
I feared for Thor's life.
But, with steely courage,
intrepid spirit, and an axe,
victory was ours!
Truly, a tale for the ages.
No doubt he'll be telling it
that long as well.
Another!
Hi.
So, what's the story with you?
Why does there have to be a story?
There's no story.
You spent the first
ten minutes of our date
hiding behind a menu
that has three choices on it.
It's either chicken,
vegetarian, or fish, Jane.
I think there's a story
and I'm thinking
the story involves a guy.
It's complicated.
Is he still around?
No, he...
Went away.
I've been there.
The going away.
It's hard, isn't it?
I was seeing a woman
and she took a job in New York.
Eventually, the distance killed it.
And the fact that she kept
sleeping with other dudes.
- No!
- Oh, so many.
Hi. Could we get some wine, please?
Sure, I'd love some.
Richard, this is Darcy.
What are you doing here?
Oh. Hello.
So, I show up to work at the lab,
slash, your mom's house,
fully expecting you to be moping
around in your pajamas,
eating ice cream
and obsessing about...
You know who.
But you're not.
You're wearing lady clothes.
You even showered, didn't you?
You smell good.
Is there a point to all this?
Because there really needs
to be a point to all this.
Right.
You know all that scientific equipment
you don't look at anymore?
You might want to start
looking at it again.
This is the reason we came
all the way out here.
It's malfunctioning.
That's what I said.
That's what I did.
I thought you would do something
a little more scientific.
- I'm sure it's nothing.
- Yeah, it's...
It doesn't look like nothing.
It kind of looks like the readings
that Erik was rambling about.
Our friend Erik
kind of went banana balls.
He's not interested.
- I'm not interested.
- I'm interested.
It's time for you to go now.
Okay.
Short but sweet.
She needs help.
I think I'm going
to have the sea bass.
Sea bass, yeah. Sea bass is good.
Sea bass, sea bass, sea bass,
sea bass, sea bass, sea bass.
Sea bass...
Sea bass.
Jane?
Maybe you should stop
saying "sea bass"
and go after your friend.
This was so fun.
I'll just stay here and
say "sea bass" alone.
And I hate you.
What? I said he was cute.
Just shut up and drive.
Badge.
Come on, badge.
Badge, guys.
I put a memo in the toilet. Come on.
Tony has got them in his basement.
They're wearing party hats.
- This is an asset that we can put to use.
- Uh-huh.
So, you're suggesting that I replace
the entire janitorial staff with robots.
- Thank you.
- What I'm saying is that
the human element of human resources
is our biggest point of vulnerability.
We should start
phasing it out immediately.
- What?
- Excuse me, Bambi,
- you should be wearing...
- Did you just say that?
- Security? Yes?
- Happy? Okay.
I am thrilled that you are now
the Head of Security. Okay?
- It is the perfect position for you.
- Thank you.
- However...
- I do appreciate it.
- ...since you've taken the post...
- You don't have to thank me.
...we've had a rise in staff complaints
of 300%.
Thank you.
It's not a compliment.
It's not...
It is a compliment.
Clearly, somebody's
trying to hide something.
- I... Yes.
- Excuse me.
Ms Potts, your 4:00 is here.
- Thank you.
- Did you clear this 4:00 with me?
Happy, we'll talk about this later,
but right now, I have to go deal with
this very annoying thing.
How so?
I used to work with him
and he used to ask me out all the time,
so it's a little awkward.
I don't like the sound of that.
Pepper.
Killian?
You look great.
You look really great.
God, you look great.
What on earth have you been doing?
Nothing fancy.
Just five years in the hands
of physical therapists.
And please, call me Aldrich.
Uh, you were supposed to be
issued a security badge.
- Happy, it's okay. We're good.
- Yes.
- Are you sure? Okay.
- Yes. Stand down.
- I'm going to linger right here. Okay.
- Thank you.
It's very nice to see you, Killian.
Hey, guy.
Merry Christmas.
After years dodging
the President's ban
on "immoral" biotech research,
my think tank
now has a little something
in the pipeline.
It's an idea we like to call EXTREMIS.
I'm gonna turn your lights down.
Regard the human brain.
Uh... Wait, hold on, hold on.
That's...
That's the universe. My bad.
But if I do that...
That's the brain.
Strangely mimetic, though,
wouldn't you say?
Wow, that's amazing.
Thanks, it's mine.
What?
This. You're inside my head.
It's a...
It's a live feed.
Come on up, I'll prove it to you.
Come on.
Now, pinch my arm.
I can take it. Pinch me.
What is that?
It's the primary somatosensory cortex.
It's the brain's pain centre.
But this is what I wanted to show you.
Now, EXTREMIS harnesses
our bioelectrical potential
and it goes here.
This is essentially an empty slot
and what this tells us
is that our mind,
our entire DNA, in fact,
is destined to be upgraded.
Wow.
Oh, wait...
Uh...
Hello?
- Is this Forehead of Security?
- What?
You know, look...
I got a real job. What do you want?
I'm working.
I've got something going on, here.
What, harassing interns?
Let me tell you something.
Do you know what happened
when I told people
I was Iron Man's bodyguard?
They would laugh in my face.
I had to leave
while I still had a shred of dignity.
Now I got a real job.
I'm watching Pepper.
What's going on? Fill me in.
- For real?
- Yeah.
All right.
So, she's meeting up with this scientist.
- Rich guy. Handsome.
- Right.
I couldn't make his face, at first. Right?
You know I'm good with faces.
- Oh, yeah, you're the best.
- Yeah.
Well, so I run his credentials.
I make him.
Aldrich Killian.
We actually met the guy back in...
Where were we in '99?
- The science conference?
- Um...
- Switzerland.
- Right, right, exactly.
Killian. No...
I don't remember that guy.
Of course you don't remember.
He's not a blond with a big rack.
At first, it was fine.
They were tanking business.
But now it's, like, getting weird.
He's showing her his big brain.
- His what?
- Big brain.
And she likes it.
Here, let me show you.
Hold on. See?
Look at what? You, watching them?
Flip the screen,
and then we can get started.
I'm not a tech genius like you.
Just trust me. Get down here.
Flip the screen.
Then I can see what they're doing.
I can't!
I don't know how to flip the screen!
Don't talk to me like that any more.
You're not my boss.
All right?
I don't work for you.
And I don't trust this guy.
He's got another guy with him.
He's shifty.
- Relax.
- Seriously?
I'm just asking you
to secure the perimeter.
Tell them to go out
for a drink or something.
You know what? You should take more
of an interest in what's going on here.
This woman's the best thing
that ever happened to you
and you're just ignoring her.
- A giant brain?
- Yeah.
There's a giant brain.
There's a shifty character.
I'm gonna follow this guy. I'm gonna
run his plates and I'm gonna...
You know,
if it gets rough, so be it.
I miss you, Happy.
Yeah, I miss you, too.
But the way it used to be.
Now you're off with the super-friends.
I don't know
what's going on with you any more.
- The world's getting weird.
- Hey!
I hate to cut you off.
- Do you have your Taser on you?
- Why?
I think there's a gal in H.R.
who's trying to steal some printer ink.
You should probably go over there
and zap her.
Yeah, nice.
Imagine if you could hack into
the hard drive of any living organism
and recode its DNA.
- That would be incredible.
- Hmm.
Unfortunately, to my ears,
it also sounds highly weaponisable.
As in, enhanced soldiers,
private armies, and Tony is...
Tony, Tony.
You know, I invited Tony to join AIM
13 years ago.
He turned me down.
But something tells me
now there's a new genius on the throne
who doesn't have to
answer to Tony any more
and who has slightly less of an ego.
It's gonna be a no, Aldrich.
As much as I'd like to help you.
Well, I can't say that
I'm not disappointed.
But then,
as my father used to say,
"Failure is the fog
through which we glimpse triumph."
- That's very deep.
- Hmm.
And I have no idea
what it means.
No, me neither.
He was kind of an idiot, my old man.
I'm sure I'll see you again, Pepper.
Happy.
Car's ready, if you're ready to go.
Yes, I just, um...
God, I forgot my other things, so...
I'm just gonna...
Welcome to the Smithsonian.
Visitor information booths
are available on the second level.
A symbol to the nation.
A hero to the world.
The story of Captain America is one
of honor, bravery and sacrifice.
Denied enlistment due to poor health,
Steven Rogers was chosen for a program
unique in the annals of American warfare.
One that would transform him
into the world's first Super-Soldier.
In this rare footage,
everyone's favorite war hero,
Captain America...
Battle tested,
Captain America
and his Howling Commandos
quickly earned their stripes.
Their mission:
taking down HYDRA,
the Nazi rogue science division.
Best friends since childhood,
Bucky Barnes and Steven Rogers
were inseparable
on both schoolyard and battlefield.
Barnes is the only Howling
Commando to give his life
in service of his country.
That was a difficult winter.
A blizzard had trapped half
our battalion behind the German line.
Steve, Captain Rogers,
he fought his way through
a HYDRA blockade
that had pinned our allies
down for months.
He saved over 1,000 men.
Including the man who would...
Who would become my husband,
as it turned out.
Even after he died,
Steve was still changing my life.
You should be proud of yourself, Peggy.
I have lived a life.
My only regret is that you
didn't get to live yours.
What is it?
For as long as I can remember,
I just wanted to do what was right.
I guess I'm not quite sure
what that is anymore.
And I thought I could throw
myself back in and follow orders.
Serve.
It's just not the same.
You're always so dramatic.
Look, you saved the world.
We rather mucked it up.
You didn't.
Knowing that you helped found S.H.I.E.L.D.
is half the reason I stay.
Hey.
The world has changed,
and none of us can go back.
All we can do is our best.
And sometimes the best
that we can do is to start over.
Peggy.
Steve.
Yeah?
You're alive.
You came back.
Yeah, Peggy.
It's been so long.
So long.
Well, I couldn't leave my best girl.
Not when she owes me a dance.
Secure office.
Open Lemurian Star's
satellite launch file.
Access denied.
Run decryption.
Decryption failed.
Director override. Fury, Nicholas J.
Override denied. All files sealed.
On whose authority?
Fury, Nicholas J.
World Security Council.
Confirmed.
If Nick Fury thinks he can
get his costumed thugs
and S.T.R.I.K.E. commandos to mop up
his mess, he's sadly mistaken.
This failure is unacceptable.
Considering this attack took place
one mile from my country's
sovereign waters,
it's a bit more than that.
I move for immediate hearing.
We don't need hearings, we need action.
It's this Council's duty
to oversee S.H.I.E.L.D.
A breach like this raises
serious questions.
Like how the hell did a French pirate
manage to hijack a covert S.H.I.E.L.D.
vessel in broad daylight?
For the record, Councilman,
he's Algerian.
I can draw a map if it'd help.
I appreciate your wit, Secretary Pierce.
But this Council takes things like
international piracy fairly seriously.
Really? I don't.
I don't care about one boat,
I care about the fleet.
If this Council is going to fall to rancor
every time someone pushes us
on the playing field,
maybe we need someone to oversee us.
Mr. Secretary, nobody is suggesting...
Excuse me.
More trouble, Mr. Secretary?
Depends on your definition.
I work 40 floors away and it takes
a hijacking for you to visit?
A nuclear war would do it, too.
You busy in there?
Nothing some earmarks can't fix.
I'm here to ask a favor.
I want you to call for a vote.
Project Insight has to be delayed.
Nick, that's not a favor,
that's a sub-committee hearing.
A long one.
It could be nothing.
It probably is nothing.
I just need time to make
sure it's nothing.
But if it's something?
Then we'll both be damn glad
those helicarriers aren't in the air.
Fine.
But you got to get Iron Man
to stop by my niece's birthday party.
Thank you, sir.
And not just a flyby. He's got to mingle.
I'm sorry I'm late. I was...
What the...
What is that?
You're wearing this in the house now?
What is that, like, Mark 15?
Uh, yeah.
Something like that.
You know, everybody needs a hobby.
Oh, and you have to wear your hobby
in the living room?
Just breaking it in.
You know, it's always a little pinchy
in the gooey bag
at first, so...
Well, hey, did you see
your Christmas present?
Yes, I did. I...
I don't know how I could've
missed that Christmas present.
Is it gonna fit through the door?
Well, actually,
it's a good question.
I got a team of guys coming tomorrow.
They're gonna blow out that wall.
- Okay.
- So, uh...
Tense? Good day? Huh?
Ooh, shoulders, a little knotty.
Naughty girl.
I don't want to harp on this,
but did you like the custom rabbit?
Did I like it?
- Nailed it, right?
- Wow.
I appreciate the thought very much.
So, why don't you lift up that face mask
and give me a kiss?
Huh...
Yep. Damn it, no can do.
You want to just kiss it on the...
- The facial slit?
- Uh-huh.
Well, why don't I
run down to the garage
and see if I can't find a crowbar
to jimmy that thing open?
Crowbar, yeah.
Oh! Except there's been
a radiation leak.
- I'll take my chances.
- That's risky.
At least, let me get you
like, a hazmat suit you can...
A Geiger counter or something like that.
Busted.
- This is a new level of lame.
- Sorry.
You ate without me already?
On date night?
- He was just...
- You mean you.
Well, yeah, I just mean
we were just hosting you...
- ...while I finished up a little work.
- Uh-huh.
And yes, I had a quick bite.
I didn't know if you were coming home
or you were having drinks
with Aldrich Killian.
- What?
Aldrich Killian?
What, are you checking up on me?
Happy was concerned.
- No, you're spying on me.
- I wasn't.
- I'm going to bed.
- Hold on.
Come on. Pep?
Hey, I admit it.
My fault. Sorry.
I'm a piping hot mess.
It's been going on for a while.
I haven't said anything.
Nothing's been the same
since New York.
Oh, really?
I didn't notice that at all.
You experience things
and then they're over,
and you still can't explain them.
Gods, aliens, other dimensions.
I'm just a man in a can.
The only reason I haven't cracked up
is probably because you moved in.
Which is great.
I love you. I'm lucky.
But honey, I can't sleep.
You go to bed, I come down here.
I do what I know.
I tinker. I...
Threat is imminent.
And I have to protect the one thing
that I can't live without.
That's you.
And my suits, they're, uh...
Machines.
They're part of me.
A distraction.
Maybe.
I'm gonna take a shower.
Okay.
And you're gonna join me.
Better.
You need to take the next left.
- Who's he?
- He's my intern.
- You have an intern?
- Oh, yeah.
Hello, Dr. Foster.
It's such a great honor
to be working with you.
- Right.
- Oh, take a right.
And a left.
I have totally mastered
driving in London.
Come on, this is exciting.
Look! The intern is excited.
"Ian."
Do you want the phase meter?
- No.
- Bring the phase meter.
The toaster-looking thing.
Yeah. I know what the phase meter is.
How do I change
the ringtone on this thing?
An astrophysicist with three degrees
should be able to change
her own ringtone.
Why are you calling me?
I didn't want to shout.
Intern says it's this way.
"Ian." My name is Ian.
I am not getting stabbed
in the name of science.
It's okay, we're Americans.
Is that supposed to make them like us?
They'll make it go away.
Oh, they're kids.
Are you the police?
No, we're scientists. Well, I am.
Thanks.
We just found it.
Can you show us?
That doesn't seem right.
Where'd it go?
That's...
That's incredible!
What happened?
Sometimes they come back.
Sometimes they don't.
I want to throw something!
Jane, give me your shoe.
I haven't seen readings
like this since...
Since...
New Mexico?
Don't touch anything!
Give me your shoe.
Tony.
Tony. Tony.
To...
Power down!
I must have called it in my sleep.
That's not supposed to happen.
I'll recalibrate the sensors.
Can we just... Just let me...
Just let me catch my breath. Hey,
don't... Don't go. All right? Pepper...
I'm going to sleep downstairs.
Tinker with that.
The thing is,
I think it's getting worse.
A cop pulled me over last week.
He thought I was drunk.
I swerved to miss a plastic bag.
I thought it was an IED.
Some stuff you leave there.
Other stuff you bring back.
It's our job to figure out how to carry it.
Is it gonna be in a big suitcase,
or in a little man-purse?
It's up to you.
- I'll see you next week.
- Definitely.
Look who it is, the running man.
Caught the last few minutes.
It's pretty intense.
Yeah, brother,
we all got the same problems.
Guilt,
regret.
You lose someone?
My wingman, Riley.
Flying a night mission.
Standard PJ rescue op.
Nothing we hadn't done
1,000 times before.
Until an RPG knocked Riley's
dumb ass out of the sky.
Nothing I could do.
It's like I was up there just to watch.
- I'm sorry.
- After that,
I had a really hard time finding a reason
for being over there, you know?
But you're happy now, back in the world?
The number of people giving me
orders is down to about zero.
So, hell yeah.
Are you thinking about getting out?
No.
I don't know.
To be honest, I don't know what
I would do with myself if I did.
Ultimate fighting?
Just a great idea off the top of my head.
Seriously, you could do
whatever you want to do.
What makes you happy?
I don't know.
Were those the car keys?
Darcy!
Activating communications
encryption protocol.
Open secure line 0405.
Confirmed.
This is Hill.
I need you here in D.C.
Deep shadow conditions.
Give me four hours.
You have three. Over.
Want to see my lease?
Fracture detected.
Recommend anesthetic injection.
D.C. Metro Police dispatch
shows no units in this area.
Get me out of here.